Use https://github.com/jsoma/hexagon-grids-for-adobe-illustrator - it comes with instructions!








YOURS DOESN'T HAVE TO LOOK LIKE MINE. Not in terms of style, color, labels, etc etc etc. Just want some sort of hex map that might plausibly be canada.

(And yeah, I have weird black lines in various places because apparently the hexagons have like 0.00001 pixels between them. Haven't quite debugged that yet.)








You'll want to start by making a new 700x500 artboard in Illustrator and placing a map of Canada down.

Do the hex thing

Trace some, press v, select a fill color
Trace some more, press v, select a fill color
Repeat until you've done it for all of them

Use Select > Same > Appearance to select all of the red ones and delete them
Use Select > Same > Appearance tool to select ones that are the same color, them command+g to group them

Now that you've named them, delete the image you used for tracing

Each of them should now be in a group! Now follow the instructions about renaming them, making sure they match a column in the csv.

You'll probably want to just cut and paste the code from the example in /docs/ (the code is in index.html), although you'll need to fix it up a bit to make it match the page and our fancy style of writing JavaScript.

If you want the fancy outlines and labels, you'll need to install turf and polylabel. It's easy enough, just

    npm install @turf/turf
    npm install polylabel

and import them like

    import * as turf from '@turf/turf'
    import polylabel from 'polylabel'


(I spent like half an hour debugging npm install turf because I ignored npm install error messages that told me to do @turf/turf)

    "Why do we import polylabel in such a nice way"
    "It's just.... it's just future JavaScript, it's just the terrible world we live in"







Try

     .style('text-shadow', 'black 1px 1px 1px')

to make your labels stand out












Want to do the same thing I did with the outline around EVERYTHING but also the other outline? turf.union is used to join together polygons - I use it to join together all of the hexagons to make each province - so I also used it to join together each province into one big shape, and then drew that.



